yuanyuan
Why are you hitting me? Apologize to Miss Su
Why should I apologize?
He clearly meant to frame me
I know what you did
You are our Ye family
How could I give birth to such a vicious karma as you?
Grandpa, what are you talking about?
Miss Sucho once saved your life
This is how you treat your life-saving benefactor
You kneel down and apologize to me right now
Otherwise, you will be expelled from the performance
Excuse me.
kneel down
Ajie
Don't want to, right?
Don't touch me! Let me go!
Ye Lao from now on
I, Shen Shuijing, have nothing to do with the Ye family
Provincial cities and night markets
All previous collaborations
Including all future cancellations
Uh, Mr. Shen
Miss Su is really evil
I don't ask you to forgive him
Can you spare his life for the old man's sake?
Don't worry, I won't kill him.
Because he's about to be turned around and die
Thank you Miss Su
Let's go
Grandma and girl
Someone is doing it privately
This is all I have
I want Sue to grab a burial place
And Shen Xiujin
Don't try to run away